kubectl apply -f oracle-database-operator.yaml 
namespace/oracle-database-operator-system created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/autonomouscontainerdatabases.database.oracle.com configured
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/autonomousdatabasebackups.database.oracle.com configured
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/autonomousdatabaserestores.database.oracle.com configured
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/autonomousdatabases.database.oracle.com configured
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/cdbs.database.oracle.com configured
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/dataguardbrokers.database.oracle.com configured
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/dbcssystems.database.oracle.com configured
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/oraclerestdataservices.database.oracle.com configured
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/pdbs.database.oracle.com configured
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/shardingdatabases.database.oracle.com configured
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/singleinstancedatabases.database.oracle.com configured
role.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/oracle-database-operator-leader-election-role created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/oracle-database-operator-manager-role created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/oracle-database-operator-metrics-reader created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/oracle-database-operator-oracle-database-operator-proxy-role created
rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/oracle-database-operator-oracle-database-operator-leader-election-rolebinding created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/oracle-database-operator-oracle-database-operator-manager-rolebinding created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/oracle-database-operator-oracle-database-operator-proxy-rolebinding created
service/oracle-database-operator-controller-manager-metrics-service created
service/oracle-database-operator-webhook-service created
certificate.cert-manager.io/oracle-database-operator-serving-cert created
issuer.cert-manager.io/oracle-database-operator-selfsigned-issuer created
mutatingwebhookconfiguration.admissionregistration.k8s.io/oracle-database-operator-mutating-webhook-configuration created
validatingwebhookconfiguration.admissionregistration.k8s.io/oracle-database-operator-validating-webhook-configuration created
deployment.apps/oracle-database-operator-controller-manager created
