# Oracle RAC with Base64-encoded Secrets

This is an optional variant of [Provisioning an Oracle RAC Database](./provisioning_oracle_rac_db.md). Use it when the database secret is stored as Base64-encoded files and the software is staged on the worker node.

#### Use Case
* In this use case, the Oracle Grid Infrastructure and Oracle RAC Database are deployed automatically using Oracle RAC Controller. The response file is generated by the Oracle RAC Controller based on the input parameters specified in the YAML file.
* This example uses `racdb_prov_encoded.yaml` to provision an Oracle RAC Database using Oracle RAC Controller. The provisioning includes:
  * 1 Kubernetes Pod as the RAC node
  * Headless services for RAC
    * SCAN Service
    * RAC node hostname
  * ASM disk group device paths specified directly in `asmDiskGroupDetails`
  * Host-based software locations using `instanceDetails.racHostSwLocation` and `configParams.hostSwStageLocation`
  * Namespace: `rac`
  * Encoded database credentials referenced through `dbSecret.keyFileName`; `dbSecret.pwdFileName` is optional


### In this example, 
  * A pre-built Oracle RAC Database slim image available on Oracle OCIR, `phx.ocir.io/intsanjaysingh/oracle/database-rac:19.3.0-slim`, is used.
  * If you plan to build the image yourself, build it using the files from this [GitHub location](https://github.com/oracle/docker-images/tree/main/OracleDatabase/RAC/OracleRealApplicationClusters#building-oracle-rac-database-container-slim-image). In that case, update the `image` value in `racdb_prov_encoded.yaml` to point to the image in your environment.
  * The ASM disk group uses `/dev/disk/by-partlabel/ocne_asm_disk_01` and `/dev/disk/by-partlabel/ocne_asm_disk_02`.
  * The host software locations are `instanceDetails.racHostSwLocation: /scratch/rac/cluster01` and `configParams.hostSwStageLocation: /mnt/software/19c/1930-new/`.
  * The database secret in this sample is `db-user-pass` and includes `key.pem`. `pwdFileName` is optional and is not set in this YAML.

### Steps: Deploy Oracle RAC Database
Use the file: [racdb_prov_encoded.yaml](./racdb_prov_encoded.yaml) for this use case as below:

1. Deploy the `racdb_prov_encoded.yaml` file:
    ```sh
    kubectl apply -f racdb_prov_encoded.yaml
    ```
2. Check the status of the deployment:
    ```sh
    # Check the status of the Kubernetes Pods:    
    kubectl get all -n rac

    # Check the logs of a particular pod. For example, to check the logs from the pod "racnode1-0":    
    kubectl exec -it pod/racnode1-0 -n rac -- bash -c "tail -f /tmp/orod/oracle_db_setup.log"
    ===================================
    ORACLE RAC DATABASE IS READY TO USE
    ===================================
    ```
3. Samples logs in [Logs](./logs/racdb_prov/racdbprov-sample_details.txt) and the corresponding [DB Operator Logs](./logs/racdb_prov/operator_logs.txt) when the above YAML file is applied.
