# Provisioning an Oracle Restart Database with Load Balancer

In this use case, the Oracle Grid Infrastructure and Oracle Database are deployed automatically using Oracle Restart Controller. The responsefile is generated by the controller based on input parameters specified in the .yaml file. 

In this use case, Oracle Restart is deployed with Load Balancer Service and ou will be able to make a remote database connection using the Load Balancer target port 1521.

This example uses `oraclerestart_prov_loadbalancer.yaml` to provision an Oracle Restart Database using Oracle Restart Controller with:

* 1 Node Oracle Restart
* Headless services for Oracle Restart
  * Oracle Restart Node hostname
* Load Balancer Service with target port 1521
* Persistent volumes created automatically based on specified disks for Oracle ASM storage
* Software Persistent Volume and Staged Software Persistent Volume using the specified location on the corresponding worker node.
* Namespace: `orestart`
* Staged Software location on the worker nodes is specified by `hostSwStageLocation`. The Grid Infrastructure and RDBMS Binaries are copied to this location on the worker node.
* Software location on the worker nodes is specified by `hostSwLocation`. The GI HOME and the RDBMS HOME in the Oracle Restart Pod will be mounted using this location on the worker node.


In this example, 
  * Oracle Restart Database Slim Image `localhost/oracle/database-orestart:19.3.0-slim` is used and it is built using files from [GitHub location](https://github.com/oracle/docker-images/tree/main/OracleDatabase/RAC/OracleRealApplicationClusters#building-oracle-rac-database-container-slim-image). Default image created using files from this project is `localhost/oracle/database-rac:19.3.0-slim`. You need to tag it with name `localhost/oracle/database-orestart:19.3.0-slim`. 
  * When you are building the image yourself, update the image value in the `oraclerestart_prov_loadbalancer.yaml` file to point to the container image you have built. 
  * The disks on the worker nodes for the Oracle Restart storage are `/dev/disk/by-partlabel/asm-disk1` and `/dev/disk/by-partlabel/asm-disk2`. 
  * Specify the size of these devices along with names using the parameter `storageSizeInGb`. Size is by-default in GBs.

**NOTE:** When no separate diskgroup names are specified for CRS Files, Database Files and Recovery Area Files, then the default diskgroup named `+DATA` is created from the disks specified by the parameter `crsAsmDeviceList`.

Use the file: [oraclerestart_prov_loadbalancer.yaml](./oraclerestart_prov_loadbalancer.yaml) for this use case as below:

1. Deploy the `oraclerestart_prov_loadbalancer.yaml` file:
    ```sh
    kubectl apply -f oraclerestart_prov_loadbalancer.yaml
    oraclerestart.database.oracle.com/oraclerestart-sample created
    ```
2. Check the status of the deployment:
    ```sh
    # Check the status of the Kubernetes Pods:    
    kubectl get all -n orestart

    # Check the logs of a particular pod. For example, to check status of pod "dbmc1-0":    
    kubectl exec -it pod/dbmc1-0 -n orestart -- bash -c "tail -f /tmp/orod/oracle_db_setup.log"
    ===============================
    ORACLE DATABASE IS READY TO USE
    ===============================
    ```
3. Check Details of Kubernetes CRD Object as in this [example](./orestart_loadbalancer_object.txt)
4. Refer to the page [Database Connection](./database_connection.md) for the details to connect to Oracle Restart Database deployed using above example.
