# Provisioning an Oracle Restart Database with NodePort Service

In this use case, the Oracle Grid Infrastructure and Oracle Restart Database are deployed automatically using Oracle Restart Controller. The responsefile is generated by the controller based on input parameters specified in the .yaml file. 
In this use case, we are deploying the Oracle Restart with Node Port Service.

A node port exposes the service on a static port on the node IP address and NodePorts are in the 30000-32767 range by default.
This example uses `oraclerestart_prov_nodeports.yaml` to provision an Oracle Restart Database using Oracle Restart Controller with:

* 1 Node Oracle Restart
* Headless services for Oracle Restart
  * Oracle Restart node hostname
* Persistent volumes created automatically based on specified disks for Oracle Restart storage
* Software Persistent Volumes and Staged Software Persistent Volumes using the specified location on the corresponding worker nodes
* Namespace: `orestart`
* Staged Software location on the worker nodes is specified by `hostSwStageLocation` and we have copied the Grid Infrastructure and RDBMS Binaries to this location on the worker nodes
* Software location on the worker nodes is specified by `hostSwLocation`. The GI HOME and the RDBMS HOME in the Oracle Restart Pod will be mounted using this location on the worker node.


In this example, 
  * We are using Oracle Restart Database Slim Image `localhost/oracle/database-rac:19.3.0-slim` built using files from [GitHub location](./https://orahub.oci.oraclecorp.com/rac-docker-dev/rac-docker-images/-/blob/master/OracleRealApplicationClusters/README.md#building-oracle-rac-database-container-slim-image). 
  * When you are building the image yourself, update the image value in the `oraclerestart_prov_nodeports.yaml` file to point to the container image you have built. 
  * The disks on the worker nodes for the Oracle Restart storage are `/dev/oracleoci/oraclevdd` and `/dev/oracleoci/oraclevde`. 
  * Specify the size of these devices along with names using the parameter `disksBySize`. Size is by-default in GBs.  

  
Use the file: [oraclerestart_prov_nodeports.yaml](./oraclerestart_prov_nodeports.yaml) for this use case as below:

1. Deploy the `oraclerestart_prov_nodeports.yaml` file:
    ```sh
    kubectl apply -f oraclerestart_prov_nodeports.yaml
    oraclerestart.database.oracle.com/oraclerestart-sample created
    ```
2. Check the status of the deployment:
    ```sh
    # Check the status of the Kubernetes Pods:    
    kubectl get all -n orestart

    # Check the logs of a particular pod. For example, to check status of pod "dbmc1-0":    
    kubectl exec -it pod/dbmc1-0 -n orestart -- bash -c "tail -f /tmp/orod/oracle_rac_setup.log"
    ===============================
    ORACLE DATABASE IS READY TO USE
    ===============================
    ```
3. Check Details of Kubernetes CRD Object as in this [example](./orestart_nodeport_object.txt)
4. Refer to the page [Database Connection](./database_connection.md) for the details to connect to Oracle Restart Database deployed using above example.
